Website Recon
If the client has a website,
we can gather basic information by simply
browsing the site.
Small organizations may only have a single
website,
while large organizations might have many,
including some that are not maintained.
Let’s check out MegaCorp One’s website to
learn more about our target.
A quick review of their website reveals
that they are a nanotech company.
The about page reveals email addresses and
Twitter accounts of
some of their employees.
We could use these addresses in a social
media information gathering campaign.
It’s also worth mentioning that the
company’s email address format follows
a pattern of
“first initial + last name”.
However, the CEO’s email address simply
uses his first name.
This indicates that founders or long-time
employees
have a different email format than newer
hires.
This information could be useful in a
later stage of the assessment.
Corporate social media accounts, found on
the same page,
are also worth recording for further
research.